chore: add CONTRIBUTING.md (#393)
netwerk-digitaal-erfgoed/solid-crs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make by creating an issue.

Reviewer: Do you really want this? This can be awkward for smaller changes. Maybe make this a bit lighter, something like:
```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, you are welcome to submit a PR right away. To avoid disappointment, however, for larger changes it can be good to discuss it beforehand in a GitHub issue.
```

> Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

Reviewer: ~where is it?~

```suggestion
Please note we have a [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.
```

## Pull Request Process

1. Follow the [install guide][install] if you haven't already.
2. Branch from `develop`.
3. Branch names must match `{PREFIX}/{DESCRIPTION}`, where `PREFIX` is one of `feat|fix|docs|test|chore|build|docs`. (subset of [conventional commit types][conventional]) The `DESCRIPTION` should resemble the changes you made, in lowercase with hyphens. Example: `fix/authenticate-redirect-error`. This makes sure the CI runs the necessary checks on your changes.
4. Commit messages must start with one of `feat|fix|docs|test|chore|build|docs`. (subset of [conventional commit types][conventional])
5. Use a clear and descriptive title for your Pull Request.
6. Always target `develop`.
7. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you 

>    do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you. Usually, auto-merge will be enabled.

Reviewer: This is super helpful, thanks!

permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other

> members of the project's leadership.

Reviewer: It might be good to include information on how to best reach the leadership when you want to raise a concern in this area.
